Fix omissions in the manual upgrade documentation (#891)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/manual_upgrade.adoc

[[review-third-party-apps]]
== Review Third-Party Apps

Review any installed third-party apps for compatibility with the new ownCloud release. 
You can find a list of all third-party apps by running the following command, from the root directory of your installation.

[source,console]
----

> sudo -u www-data ./occ app:list --shipped=false

Reviewer: This is just a info:
`--shipped` does not do what we think is does. Shipped means that apps can/cant be disabled. It does not mean that apps are shipped by the tar file. There is a core pr (https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/34563) in progress that addresses this issue. When merged, a new PR identifying tared apps needs to be added to `app:list`. Then we have to adopt that command here. For the time being, I would let this as written, better than nothing...

Author: Thanks for the clarification, @mmattel.

----

Ensure that they are all disabled before beginning the upgrade. 

> After the upgrade is complete re-enable any which are compatible with the new release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the upgrade is complete, re-enable any apps that are compatible with the new release.
```

[[the-power-user-upgrade]]
=== The Power User Upgrade

Rename your current ownCloud directory, for example, from `owncloud` to `owncloud-old`. 
Extract the unpacked ownCloud server directory and its contents to the location of your original ownCloud installation.

> IMPORTANT: These steps must either be run as your web server user. 

Reviewer 2: "Either" without "or", likely a typo.

[[copy-old-apps]]
== Copy Old Apps

If you are using third party or enterprise applications, look in your new `/var/www/owncloud/apps/` directory to see if they are there. 
If not, copy them from your old `apps/` directory to your new one, and make sure that the directory permissions are the same as for the other ones.

[[disable-maintenance-mode]]
== Disable Maintenance Mode

Assuming your upgrade succeeded, next disable maintenance mode and restart the Cron service. 
The following example shows how to do both.

....
# Disable maintenance mode using the occ command.
sudo -u www-data php occ maintenance:mode --off

# Restart the Cron service

> sudo service cron stop

Reviewer 2: Restart or stop?
